[OKTA-962954] Expression Language doc updates (user.getGroups) (#5525)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/okta-expression-language/index.md

>
>See the parameter examples section of [Use group functions for static group allowlists](/docs/guides/customize-tokens-static/main/#use-group-functions-for-static-group-allow-lists).

#### Get Groups for Users

> > **Note:** The `user.getGroups` function was previously only available for certain features on Okta Identity Engine, but has since been expanded to all features that allow Expression Language.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `user.getGroups` function was previously only available for a limited set of features on Okta Identity Engine, but has since been expanded to all features that allow Expression Language.
```
